[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: The next two exercises,
I'm actually gonna assign
exercise five and six together.
And here's what they are, exercise five is
exactly the same thing as exercise three.
Remember we did the promise chain?
But now exercise five invites you to
use a sequence to create a chain.
Exercise six is exactly
the same as exercise four,
where we did map and reduce.
But it invites you to use a sequence
in a looping fashion, and
you'll find out that it's easier to do.
You don't even need to reduce, you can
do it with two maps using a sequence.
So both of those exercises are designed to
give you some time to get more comfortable
with a sequence using it, so
that we can use it throughout the rest.
I will say this, basically what
we're gonna do is just stop for
the next 20 minutes to let
you work on the exercises.
If you're already familiar
with a sequence, or
if you don't really care about it,
consider the two exercises optional.
But they are designed to let you go
back and do what you just did but
with a sequence to kind to
get more familiar with it.
So you should be able to compare
the solutions between three and five, and
four and six, pretty straightforwardly.